Hello and welcome here is the in my forces shipowner team and
Although we wanted to add an idea to the elevator today, we see
insert sprayed
we felt that this is better this pistol elevator itself
Hochstr
The courtyard push because the club is constantly and sometimes hard to
build with the electronics behind
one can not build it so symmetrically the right ones show the same
elevator
and year because of the speed of the slope lift is indeed faster
work we have now in the few seconds now covered the distance
and as you can see
is that five times five land
here it is in life I come five times five long and that
has then really pass from m
Year lift shaft I say
that just does not look like it
nice out
like Song and the inner life is nothing more than this
four times four is unfortunately not
So five times five is already the smallest size but in spite of all that
then time really has something of the shaft and that is the whole thing
built
You always have to have two stones on the same plane
and then
three over there
very easily
and then 3
so there is now a while further called up to the floor what you
want to have or
then you could
just keep going here
For example
stop driving in the building and then get out of here just keep going
but
we do not want that now
show you now when the rails are misplaced
on every corner
and next to a corner
comes a normal rail
So always bold company
normal rails
let's do it shortly
so
also the lead
so here on the first honey
come to the emergency cooling Schiener
and in the one space left now could buster rail and
already the thing is done
and you see
in the calculator again briefly
No matter her wanderlust right down now
are 4
Floor or a hype
come upstairs
So steps
and yes
something better
at the beginning
Build with one foot of the rail that you have the necessary momentum hand
to come to Schönbuch
and just class is
the bike nothing there is nothing late it dust nothing serious
always safe
it's always the same and the off
when such
and Cham
is it finished here this door no of the few seconds and in the beginning you can do that
just dress up nicely here in the elevator shaft
In order to pull the whole but actually quite good in contrast to the
Piste went
Son a thing even faster and though
you can now with this new Buster system
great as well
fall
By that I mean her husband just has to go downstairs
filing made Buster file
and you can move on directly
We found that promptly Klaus t
just to mention Keder have also thank you for watching
Have fun mimicking or playing if any questions are easy
Ask otherwise all the best to your a strong Eder team